Chapter 1. Introduction to Blockchain

1.1 Which type of data can be stored on a blockchain?
All of the above can be stored on a blockchain

1.2 Blockchain's first use case was seen in _________?
Cryptocurrency

1.3 Who created Bitcoin in 2009?
Satoshi Nakomoto

1.4 How are blocks chained together?
Information of the previous block is embedded into the current block through hashing

1.5 Blockchain allows for which of the following?
A peer to peer ledger without the need of a third party

1.6 How are transactions recorded in a blockchain?
Transactions are added to a block, then the block is added to the chain

1.7 When are public blockchains used?
A highly secure, completely decentralized peer-to-peer ledger is needed correct

1.8 How does a public blockchain provide anonymity?
Through public/private key cryptography


Chapter 2. Governance and Consensus

2.1 Which of the following is a consensus method? Select all answers that apply.
Proof of Stake
Proof of Work

2.2 Which of the following statements sums up the Proof of Work consensus process?
Miners compete to find a nonce that changes the resulting hash value to be lower than a specific number.

2.3 Which of the following statements sums up the Proof of Stake consensus process?
Miners put up a stake. A miner is then selected based on stake value to add a new block to the chain. If a miner adds an invalid block to the chain, that miner loses their stake.

2.4 What do consensus methods achieve?
The highest level of security in a database by ensuring 51% agreement of nodes on the network correct

2.5 Which advantage does the Proof of Work consensus provide over the Proof of Stake consensus?
None of the Above


Chapter 3. Blockchain Problem Solving

3.1 What does immutable mean?
Unable to be changed

3.2 Blockchain allows users to (CRUD) Create, Read, Update, and Delete. True or False?
False

3.3 What does an append-only ledger allow for?
Immutability

3.4 How does blockchain prevent a double spend attack?
Blocks are validated through consensus before being added to the chain instead of being added chronologically

3.5 What does transparency allow for?
A trustless system where users can be certain of an end result

3.6 Which of the following blockchains are Turing complete and support smart contracts (Chain code)? Select all answers that apply.
Hyperledger
Ethereum


Chapter 4. Blockchain Use Cases

4.1 What are some industries that are already being affected by blockchain? Select all answers that apply.
Healthcare
Automotive
Real Estate

4.2 How can blockchain benefit voting?
By allowing voters to trust that their vote has been counted

4.3 Which company has partnered with IBM to implement a supply chain food management system?
Walmart

4.4 Blockchain can be compared to hot sauce, because _____.
Blockchain often works best when it is combined with other technologies

4.5 LifeID is using blockchain to _____.
Create a universal login tied to your identity
