1. What does a Merkle tree provide?
Efficient lookups and protection against forgery

2. Which benefits does Blockchain provide? Select all answers that apply.
Immutability
Fault tolerance
Security

3. How does a private blockchain differ from a public one? Select all answers that apply.
A private blockchain often requires the identity of users to be known
A private blockchain is more efficient and has faster transaction times
A private blockchain does not use proof of work

4. How is a public blockchain "trustless"?
Blockchains assume that no node is to be trusted and every transaction is invalid until proven otherwise

5. In which consensus algorithm is a nonce used?
Proof of Work

6. Which of the following is not a key component of cryptography?
Hash

7. Which of the following are practical use cases for Blockchain? Select all answers that apply.
Voting
Medical records
Identity management

8. Bitcoin is the same thing as blockchain. True or False?
False

9. What is a block header?
The hash of the merkle root and the header of the previous block

10. Which advantages does the Proof of Stake consensus provide over the Proof of Work consensus? Select all answers that apply.
Higher transaction speed
Lower electricity costs

11. Blockchain is an example of single, double, triple, or infinite entry accounting?
Triple

12. Blockchain is always a better alternative to a standard database. True or False?
False

13. If a node on the network were to lose a copy of the ledger, the ledger is not lost. The millions of other nodes have a copy and won't lose track. This is what is known as ____________.
Fault tolerance

14. Which hashing algorithm does bitcoin currently use in the consensus process?
SHA-256

15. How is ownership of a digital asset shown on the blockchain?
Ownership is kept by referencing previous transactions where the address has received a digital asset

16. How do consensus algorithms like Proof of Work or Proof of Stake incentivize miners to participate?
By paying the miners with cryptocurrency

17. hich type of blockchain is Ethereum?
Public, Open

18. Who governs a blockchain?
The users

19. A major change to blockchain protocol that makes it incompatible with old clients is called __________.
Hard fork

20. What happens if a block is confirmed at the same time?
The blocks split into two chains, blocks are then added to each chain, until one chain becomes larger. The longest chain is then considered to be the blockchain
